Telecon to progress integration of MELD and CALMA.

12-Jun-2019, 10:30(ish), TW, JPNP, GK

These notes:
- [2019-06-12](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190612-telecon.md)

Previous meeting:
- [2019-06-04](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190604-meeting.md)


See also, 2 new documents (extracted from this and past meeting notes):

- [MELD/CALMA annotation models](/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190612-telecon.md)
- [Future features](/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md)


# Progress review: proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next telecon: 2019-06-18 at 10:00

2. Review actions

3. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers

4. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

5. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers


# Actions brought forward

(These were not reviewed, so carried forward)

ACTION TW: supply backup disk for CALMA data

ACTION TW: song-to-signal agent running against the etree data

ACTION GK: test case for song-to-signal agent writing to LDP


# TW review

(includes responses to questions and discussion...)

Working on the agents, as discussed last week; focus on "Fetching and unpacking" (which was not actually identified last week, but makes sense.)

Working on architecture...

Downloaded David’s rCALMA code, to look at how typicality measures are computed - should be easy enough to add to our agent.

Question: purpose of containers?  Access control?  Why multiple annotation containers? (this question never got really discussed, but TW seemed to resolve his uncertainties.)

Q: Have we decided how to store the features?  
A: Sort-of: See data model notes from previous meetings, now extracted and maintained in [MELD/CALMA annotation models](/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190612-telecon.md)

rCALMA has info for key, chord and tempo.  For now, maintain focus on key typicality?

NOTE: have started [Future features](/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md) so hopefully we don't worry about losing these ideas.

Discussed MELD/CALMA user flow: 

1. select song from those filtered (i.e. with sufficient recordings, etc.)
2. select a feature for analysis/display (for now: key typicality)
3. present display with panel/widget for each recording of that song.

Commonality with current SOFA:

1. select song -> select work set
2. select feature -> select match criterion
3. display will need to be auto-generated and sorted (as opposed to responding to user selections) 

Q: Feature data in in Solid server: auto-fetch on demand?

A: The intent is that the data is pre-fetched and analyzed by agents, and placed in the Solid server for access by other agents and/or SOFA client.  But which data to retrieve?  Only retrieving and storing information that will be needed by the other agents and/or SOFA client app (i.e., not replicating entire CALMA/etree data).

Data for key typicality - provided by “Similar occurrences agent (needs review and checking)”.  See [MELD/CALMA annotation models](/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190612-telecon.md)

Don’t currently filter out different recordings from the same concert.  See [Future features](/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md).

## Next steps

Continue with agents; upload some initial code to GitHub (by end of week).

Take note of data model notes from last meeting, now in [MELD/CALMA annotation models](/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190612-telecon.md))

## Blockers

None at present.


# JPNP review

## Plan/roadmap

- CALMA server backups (TW to supply a backup disk)

- Finish off outstanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md

    - complete testing of changes for load/save, then push to GitHub
        - not yet in running version

    - demo setup improvements **DONE**
        - pull Mat's changes into docker image for NiN (including add HOWTO in documentation)
        - test NiN data auto-generation
        - generate larger test data set, and incorporate that into demo setup
            - have a better dataset; in demo setup
            - would still like to have a larger dataset (e.g. 100 more fragments)

    - command line tooling to merge fragment sets [JP6], (as update to MELD CLI tools [GK5])
        - held for some pair activity with GK on meld-tool

    - Finish off MEI output
        - for later

## Previous

Merged Mat’s changes for random fragment auto-generation; in docker, instructions linked to README

Consequent thought: this doesn’t always generate useful/meaningful fragments - data includes lots of rests.  How shall we get these infinite monkeys to produce the works of Bach??  Opportunity here for a filtering agent to produce a useful subset; similar to song filtering for rCAMLA.

How to run the agents?  Have spotted Solid notification spec - looks appropriate (gives WebSocket notification when container contents change)

See [Future features](/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md).


## Next

- recursive remove in meld tool - pair-work with GK (as meld-tool learning exercise)
- finish load/save functionality in SOFA, and incorporate into deployed system


## Blockers

Schedule time with GK for meld-tool work (later today)


# GK review

Nothing new since previous meeting.

## Previous/plan

- Create initial testing framework for data created at the interface between CALMA/etree exports and SOFA agents
    - No progress

- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required
    - Will work with JP to add his recursive remove logic

- Possible medl-cli-tool refactoring
    - No activity

## Next

- meld-tool work with John
- meld-tool refactoring 
- planning to meet with Johan when we’ve settled our data model for feature data (not scheduled yet)
- Look at Solid notifications via WebSockets; also node.js websockets library
- Think about meld-tool options to use this

## Blockers

(None)


## SOFA display client

Allow selection of a feature (initially just key typicality) from the "feature index", and read the corresponding typicality annotations and use these to create an appropriate comparative display.










