Progress meeting for integration of MELD and CALMA.

31-Jul-2019, JP, GK

These notes:
- [2019-07-31](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190731-meeting.md)  

Previous notes:
- [2019-07-16](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190716-telecon.md)  

See also:

- [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)
- [Future features](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md)


# Progress review: proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next telecon: ??? (2019-08-06 10:00)  (Then GK away until 2019-09-09)

2. Review actions

3. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers

4. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

5. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers

6. Tech discussions / matters arising


# Actions brought forward

ACTION TW: supply backup disk for CALMA data (ongoing???)

- "The hard drive for the CALMA backup is confirmed and should be on its way directly to oerc (attn. John). "

ACTION GK: test case for song-to-signal agent writing to LDP. STARTED. (ongoing - no change)
- A basic set of tests is running.
- It's not totally automatic, in that the agent needs to be run separately by hand.
- Still to do is testing the song-to-signal annotations.
- See: https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/src/agents/song-to-signal/test-song-to-signal.sh

ACTION: JP Investigate and report status of numbers-into-notes fragment set merging.


# TW review

I continued working on the key/song duration agent, there’s still some things to do. I spent a bit too much time on fixing the issue of creating duplicate entries on the server, but I decided to leave it as is for now to focus on the key/song duration, so that we can continue with the work. The data model is used as discussed and described in  https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md. I hope to upload the new agent at the weekend.


## Next steps

- Continue re-work of key/song duration agent to reuse output of song-to-signal agent

## Blockers

- None mentioned

# JPNP review

## Previous

<!--
- Should be completing remixer state I/O functions this week.

- Improve support for triggering agent runs - aiming for some kind of framework that can handle running multiple agents, as needed (e.g. in response to container data changes).  Anticipate some kind of pub-sub mechanism to re-run computations when container changes, or in response to other triggers.
    - Note GK activity on Solid notifications
    - Falback plan is to poll containers to generate notifications.
    - probably not this side of DHOxSS
-->

## Next

@@@

## Blockers

(None)

## Overall plan/roadmap

- CALMA server backups (TW to supply a backup disk)

- Finish off outstanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md

    - complete testing of changes for load/save, then push to GitHub
        - not yet in running version (ongoing)

    - command line tooling to merge fragment sets [JP6], (as update to MELD CLI tools [GK5])

    - Finish off MEI output
        - for later

ACTION: JP Investigate and report status of numbers-into-notes fragment set merging.


# GK review

## Last week

Fixed bug in notification listener test code, and cvonfirmed that I can now receive container notifications with later verson of NSS

Updated resource listening commands

meld-tool code cleanup

## Next

- continue with song-to-signal agent tests

- start creating tests for key/song duration agent

## Blockers

(None)

## Overall plan / roadmap

- Add support for WebSocket notifications to meld-tool.js (done)

- meld-tool options to use WebSocket notifications from Solid (done)

- Create initial testing framework for data created at the interface between CALMA/etree exports and SOFA agents (in progress - see above)

- Complete tests for song-to-signal agent (check annotations)

- Tests for key/song duration agent

- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required

- Possible meet with Johan when we’ve settled our data model for feature data (not scheduled yet)

