Progress meeting for integration of MELD and CALMA.

19-Nov-2019, JP, GK

These notes:
- [2019-11-19](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20191119-meeting.md)  

Previous notes:
- [2019-11-12](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20191112-meeting.md)  

See also:

- [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)
- [Future features](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md)

Summary:

SOFA demoed at final FAST all-hands meeting on 1 November.  (One of the better all-hands meetings?)

Not much progress in other areas due to focus on meeting.

# Progress review: proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next meeting: 2019-12-05 10:00

2. Review actions

3. TW review: last period

4. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

5. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers

6. Generating rCalma-style display graphics


# Actions brought forward

ACTION: JP Merge SOFA state-save/restore changes to master branch.

- progress but problems using VMs, running Solid in Docker.  Problem with script that builds container; probable dependency problem.  Need lock file specified in build script?

NEW ACTION: commit lock file from current running system to version control.  Not necessarily testing.  Notify GK, who may try test install.


# Current goals/milestones

Complete outstanding SOFA items.  Maybe advance but not full functionality on agent triggering.

Create rCalma-style display graphic creation agent

# TW review

Meeting with GK in London on 2019-11-13.  Rough notes circulated by email, copy below for reference:

## Poster abstract

TW comments

1. Note browser app under future work?

2. Add reference for Solid

3. Also discuss auth/authz? [GK]


## Plan for today

1. Quick review of current status

2.  Work on agents


## Review current status

See:

TODO:

1. TW: Finish off add logic to the Song-to-signal agent to create song- and recording worksets, and update the documentation to reflect this. (cf. https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20191011-meeting.md)

2. TW: Finish Key distribution per recording agent to write annotations to LDP, referencing entries in a recording workset.  (one recording per date)

3. TW: Wrapper to run agent(s) over all recordings of a given song (iterate over recording worksheet)

4. Key distribution per song agent and Key typicality agent: these functions might be combined in a single agent.
    GK: check documentation of input/output required (DONE)

5. GK: update test case for song-to-signal agent

6. GK: continue factoring out common LDP access code to agent library module


## Review of activity

1. Song-to-signal agent now creates a recording workset for a song, referencing recording reference items.

2. GK has been working on a new feature in meld-cli-tool to allow annotations to be located by target, which will then be used to improve some of the test cases.  This is currently incomplete.

3.  Some work on key-distribution-per-recording agent: have added some notes in committed version, but code is still work in progress.


## Next steps

GK: finish off meld-cli-tool annotation selection feature

GK: update song-to-signal test case using updated meld-cli-tool

TW: work on key-distribution-per-recording agent to link to recording reference items rather than directly to etree recordings

TW: key typicality agent


### Next meeting: 2019-11-26

Catch up on meld/calma agent work: discuss any outstanding issues, probably by Skype

Expect to make progress before meeting, use meeting to review and push forward.  Maybe use Skype rather than F2F.


## Previously

## Next steps

- Key distribution per song agent

- Key typicality agent

See: [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)

## Blockers

- (unknown)


# JPNP review

## Previous

- More testing (esp. save/load); appears to work as expected

- Finish work on command line tool for fragment set merging - probably after next meeting.  Need some discussion about integration with sofa_tool_cli.

ACTION: discuss sofa_tool_cli integration points.  After Strachey lecture today?

This will complete the planned SOFA updates.

ACTION: final check-in of SOFA code.


## Next

- Agent to generate rCalma-style graphics from stoired analysis data in Solid.

- [DEFER] Improve support for triggering agent runs - aiming for some kind of framework that can handle running multiple agents, as needed (e.g. in response to container data changes).  Anticipate some kind of pub-sub mechanism to re-run computations when container changes, or in response to other triggers.
    - Note GK activity on Solid notifications


SEE ALSO:

- http://calma.linkedmusic.org/rcalma.html

- http://calma.linkedmusic.org/

Assume have missed SOFA-style manipulation/selection in web browser.

Minimum viability: plots from above without typicality score.

Suggest: create container of plots (like plots in above link).  But how to get plots?

(DL knows about rCalma process, has minimal time)

(Ask for pointer to R plotting code?)

MVP: command line tool do download plot(s) of key, no typicality calculation - 

(Also, want pieces to make the web tool.)

TODO: container design for plots

TODO: point JP at container design notes working on with Thomas

https://www.qmul.ac.uk/dmrn/dmrn-14/
https://www.qmul.ac.uk/dmrn/media/dmrn/1page-dmrn14-template.docx



## Overall plan/roadmap

- CALMA server backups (TW to supply a backup disk) (DONE!)

- Finish off outstanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md

    - complete testing of changes for load/save, then push to GitHub
        - not yet in running version (ongoing) (DONE)

    - command line tooling to merge fragment sets [JP6], (as update to MELD CLI tools [GK5]) (MOSTLY DONE)

    - Finish off MEI output
        - for later

- Agent-run triggering. (DEFER)

- DMRN poster; collect screenshots, diagrams, etc.


# GK review

Meeting with Thomas in London (see above)

DMRN poster abstract submitted


## Previously

- Working session with Thomas in London (see above)
- DMRN poster abstract submitted
- Working on MELD CLI tool enhancement to select annotations by target.


## Next

- continue working on CLI tool enhancement to select annotations by target.

- update test case for song-to-signal agent based on outcomes of meeting with Thomas (see notes in `src/agents/test-song-to-signal.sh`).

- continue with refactoring:  start using (and testing) shared functions in song-to-signal agent

- create tests for other agents as they come available.

- [DEFER] Look at incorporating agent-triggering logic into tests so that agents don't need to be run manually.  (This willl be after JPNP has finished SOFA updates.)


## Blockers

## Overall plan / roadmap

### Done

- Add support for WebSocket notifications to meld-tool.js (done)

- meld-tool options to use WebSocket notifications from Solid (done)

- Complete test for song-to-signal agent (done)

- Test for number-of-occurrences agent (done)

- Test for key/recording duration agent (done)

- Meet with Johan when we’ve settled our data model for feature data (scheduled for 2019-10-08) (Done)

### To do

- Test for key/song duration agent

- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required

- (if time/progress permits: Look at incorporating agent-triggering logic into tests to that agents don't need to be run manually.  Awaiting work from JPNP)


# Generating rCalma-style display graphics

SEE ALSO:

- http://calma.linkedmusic.org/rcalma.html

- http://calma.linkedmusic.org/

Assume have missed SOFA-style manipulation/selection in web browser.

Minimum viability: plots from above without typicality score.

Suggest: create container of plots (like plots in above link).  But how to get plots?

(DL knows about rCalma process, has minimal time)

(Ask for pointer to R plotting code?)

MVP: command line tool do download plot(s) of key, no typicality calculation - 

(Also, want pieces to make the web tool.)

TODO: container design for plots

TODO: point JP at container design notes working on with Thomas (Done)

https://www.qmul.ac.uk/dmrn/dmrn-14/
https://www.qmul.ac.uk/dmrn/media/dmrn/1page-dmrn14-template.docx

....

JP has looked briefly at David Lewis' code+comments, which does different function

Re-implementation in Python looks like the easier path.  This shoukd be picking up data and displaying it.

Outline plan:  dissect and extract graphing code logic from rCalma, and feed it with data that comes from Solid using existing access patterns and logic (maybe even code?).  Probable implementation in Python, or maybe Javascript.

Data model discussion:

Need to add a "working set index" that maps recording working set(s) to feature indexes.  This may initially be hard coded as a single-entry annotation container, or one entry per song that is under consideration.

SOFA "Match service index" will correspond to a MELD/CALMA "Feature index".  Currently, these are not being generated by Thomas' code.

SOFA "Match service" corresponds to a MELD/CALMA feature annotation container; e.g. as generated by the "Key distribution per recording agent", "Key distribution per song agent", "Key typicality agent", etc.  Each of these containers holds annotations of the form described in https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md  Ultimately, these contain the data to be displayed.

The graphic generation agent creates two main outputs:
1. a jpeg or svg graphic resource (whatever's easier for now)
2. an annotation that links the graphic to the recording working set entry, and maybe other useful metadata

To connect these in with the rest of the system, will create (a) a container for the graphic resources (noting these could be stored anywhere), (b) an annotation container that holds the graphic annotations referred to above, and (c) a new entry in the featiure index that connects the new annotation container to the recording working set.

    <> a oa:Annotation ;
      oa:motivatedBy mc:RECORDING_KEY_DISTRIBUTION_GRAPHIC ;
      oa:hasTarget (recording reference in recording workset)
      oa:hasBody [ 
          mc:graphic (URL of JPEFG/SVG graphic to display)
          mc:source (URL of annotation used to generate), ...
          @@other metadata?
        ]
      .

See also:

https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/diagrams/20180328-nin-match-service-data-model.pdf

















