Rough notes from our 2019-11-26 teleconference call

(Originally circulated in email)

The main outcomes are:

1. John has some initial graphics generation working, now needs more real data.  Specifically, output from the key distribution per recording agent.

2. Thomas is diverted onto a funding deadline, so less progress than planned. Because of this, we've deferred the bulk of work scheduled for today until next week, 3rd December, wen we'll attempt a similar meeting with hopefully more progress made on the data access agents.  Immediate requirement is for key distribution per recording agent output to be saved as annotatons in Solid server.

3. GK has made a little progress on the testing framework and meld-cli-tool support for this.  Pointers passed to John (see also end of this message) so he can look at running agents locally to get at their output data.

4. GK will push ahead on testing framework, which may be useful to help John understand how to access the data for display.

5. We discussed saving duration as well as duration ratio for each detected key, to allow generation of rCalma-like histogram displays with actual duration rather than proportion.  This should be reasonably easy, but requires a small local rework to the agent logic - we agreed to do this, but not necessarily immediately.

#g
-- 

...

Raw notes:

JPNP: has agent generating graphics from artificial data, written as javascript.  Immediate need is output from key distribution per recording agent.

TW: kind-of works; finished?  Produces solid server data...?  Not so sure? Expect to be done by early next week.  Paper deadline Saturday.

JPNP: question about getting output data - GK is working on test cases with instructions.

JPNP: question about format shown: use duration or duration_ratio?  Proposing to store duration *and* duration_ratio in annotation body.

GK:  plan to eventually save key duration as well as duration ratio.  See `featureDuration` function in key-distribution-per-recording.py - propose to return pair of (key_duration, audio_duration) instead of ration here, and use these later to calculate the duration ratio.  Not insisting on immediate change for this.  JNPN/TW concur.

We need to defer discussion - next meeting: 3rd December - same format as planned for today.

ACTIONS:

TW - progress agent in time for next week, after deadlines satisfied

GK - pointers to JPNP about running agents for testing (Done - links in  Skype chat channel and below)

GK - progress test suite work

JPNP - blocked on running agent locally

...

Links:

https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md
https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md#key-distribution-per-recording-agent
https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/tree/master/src/agents/song-to-signal
https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/src/agents/song-to-signal/test-song-to-signal.sh
https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-cli-tools/blob/master/src/meld-tool/setenv.sh
https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/src/agents/song-to-signal/test-cleanup.sh



