MELD/CALMA developmemnt meeting held in Oxford

Date 10 Oct 2019
Present: TW, GK

The goal of this meeting was tiom progress the MELD/CALMA agent development for re-implementation of rCalma as a MELD application.

# Discussion

Discussed annotations to be created by the Key distribution per recording agent [1], and in particular that the annotations should reference recording workset entries.  We noted that the implementation to date has not created song or recording worksets.  We decided that for current purposes, we would add logic to the Song-to-signal agent to create song- and recording worksets, and updated the documentation [1] to reflect this.

Later, we may introduce new agents to create more selective worksets.

[1] notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md


# Progress made

TW updated the Key distribution per recording agent to generate annotation data - but still need to add logic to save this to LDP as a MELD-based DMO.

TW started on enhancements to Song-to-signal agent, which is now generating and/or adding entries the Song workset. Still need to add logic for creating recording worksets.  As part of this, a number of bugs were uncovered Song-to-signal agent, and fixed.

GK started on a separate library of LDP support functions so that agent code can be refactored to use shared code.


# Next steps

TW: update Song-to-signal agent to create recording worksets.

TW: finish Key distribution per recording agent to write annotations to LDP,  referencing entries in a recording workset.

TW: continue on other agents: Key distribution per song agent and Key typicality agent: these functions might be combined in a single agent.

GK: update test case for song-to-signal agent

GK: continue with refactoring:  start using shared functions in song-to-signal agent.

Aim to catchj up anmd revbiew progress at the FAST wrap-up meeting on 1 Nov 2019.

