Telecon to discuss progress of integration of MELD and CALMA.

07-May-2019, 10:00?, TW, JPNP, GK

These notes:
- https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190507-telecon.md

Previous meetings:
- [2019-04-09](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190409-telecon.md)
- [2019-04-17](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190417-telecon.md)
- [2019-04-30](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190430-FAST-meeting.md)

Remember we have a meeting in London scheduled for 2019-05-22 (with Johan too).


# Proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Propose 2019-05-14, 10:00 - ahead of Oxford FAST meeting at 11

Also note Oxford/QMUL meeting dates booked for discussion of SOFA agents with Johan:
22 May (London) and 4 June (Oxford)

2. Review actions

3. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers

4. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

5. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers


# Actions from last meeting

ACTION JP: update TW's script to write to LDP (ongoing, more later today, no blocker)

ACTION JP: send solid server details to TW (Docker-based + README)  (not done)

ACTION TW: read up on LDP (and Web Annotations) Done.

ACTION TW: get a Solid server local implementation for testing (In progress.)

ACTION TW: review JP changes test? (blocked.)

ACTION GK: (maybe later) test case for script writing to LDP (not done)


# TW review

## Previous

(since 2019-04-09)

Pushed scripts to GitHub in demoable form.

Limit output to data present in CALMA (data in etree with feature data in CALMA).  May also need to think about FLAC files referenced by eTree that go missing.  Not currently a big issue.

Set up LDP/Solid Docker container.  (JP will send instructions.)   Have server running, but coming up against some problems

ACTION: send email with details of error, plan catch up Thursday AM


## Next

Finish off getting Solid server running.

Think about getting actual CALMA features.

Review/test JP script changes when available.


## Blockers

Problems with Solid server (404 error in registration)


# JPNP review

## Previous

(since 2019-04-09)

- Lost some time to bank holiday.
- Mostly tidying up dockerization of Solid + documentation.  Ongoing.
- Send Docker LDP (Solid) container + details to TW: need to update documentaion still; otherwise maybe lower priority as TW has made some progress on direct Solid server installation.  But may still be needed for other activities (KP/DL course).
- Started looking at Thomas's CALMA/etree access scripts to write to LDP.  Ongoing.

## Next

- Finish up Solid dockerization documentation.
- Continue updates to TW scripts to write data to LDP container.  Should complete initial track-to-work linkage agent.
- Start thinking about generating repeatable FRBR musical work URIs from artist+title data provided by TW.  E.g. allocate random URIs for new works, but when dealing with artist+track title, lookup first before allocating a new URI.


## Blockers

- No blockers.


# GK review

(since 2019-04-09)

## Previous

Nothing in past week.

- Meld-tool and test suite: annotation support now done
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-cli-tools
- Updated breakout proposal for the FAST quarterly meeting:
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RT58zD9e2iTTRE1xZKdC_GZNYsS3aeJIBNJIdXyHExw/edit#
- Responded to @enigmaticocean tweet about FAIR principles and musicology…
    - See: http://bit.ly/Top10FAIRmusic
    - (My bit under MELD+Solid)

## Next

- Helping Thomas with Solid install issues
- Plan to create testing framework for data created at the interface between CALMA/etree exports and SOFA agents
- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required
- Possible medl-cli-tool refactoring

## Blockers

- testing framework: awaiting initial agent implementation writing to LDP from JP/TW

