Meeting to progress integration of MELD and CALMA.

22-May-2019, 11:00, TW, JPNP, GK

These notes:
- https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190522-meeting.md

Previous meetings:
- [2019-05-14](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190514-telecon.md)

Remember we have a meeting in Oxford scheduled for 2019-06-04 (with Johan too).


# Agent software using Solid

We were aiming to get the initial track->work annotation agent running.  This will be a modification of Thomas's script to write to an LDP container hosted on thalassa2.oerc.ox.ac.uk:4443.

In the event, we spent a good part of the day writing some basic annotations to the Solid server on Thalassa2, and working around problems with the etree daa server.  I think this was a useful knowledge transfer activity, but it didn't leave very much time for the data modelling (see below).

## Using meld-tool to check agent output

Assume appropriate version of node is already set up.

    export MELD_CLI_TOOLS=(path to copy of git@github.com:oerc-music/meld-cli-tools.git)
    cd $MELD-CLI-TOOLS/src/meld-tool
    . setenv.sh
    node $MELD_TOOL ls https://thalassa2.oerc.ox.ac.uk:4443/public/artists/

## Possibly-useful notes:

https://2.python-requests.org/en/master/user/advanced/#ssl-cert-verification

https://incognitjoe.github.io/adding-certs-to-requests.html


2018007-30 meeting notes:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JTr5Q7lf6wh-vMsCQvGpG-CXlWjdciaprHjyB5fYA-4/edit

"Hello Cleveland" paper:
https://www.escholar.manchester.ac.uk/api/datastream?publicationPid=uk-ac-man-scw:208440&datastreamId=FULL-TEXT.PDF


# Data modelling

## Connecting recordings to works

We eventually settled on data design for a "Song-to-signal" agent, where "Song" is some piece of pusic with the same name performed by the same artist.  (Multiple songs may correspond to the same work, but for now we don't care.)

Introduce a flat collection of songs (annotations), each of which has: (a) a name, and (b) identifer of the artist who performs it.

    _:_a a oa:Annotation ;
        oa:hasTarget <song_id (mc:Song)> ;
        oa:hasBody   <track-id-from-etree> ;
        oa:motivatedBy mc:Song-to-Signal ;
        .

And a separate container with mc:Song instances:

    <song-id> a mc:Song 
        rdfs:label   "song name" ;
        mc:performer <artist-id-from-etree> ;
         :
        .

## Number-of-occurrences agent:

Contaner of annotations (GK notes, not discussed):

    <_a> a oa:Annotation ;
        oa:hasTarget <song_id (mc:Song)> ;
        oa:hasBody   "number-of-occurrences" ;
        oa:motivatedBy mc:Number-of-occurre ces ;
        .

## Similar-occurrences-agent:

    @@@@TODO

## Next steps

Focus on song-to-signal agent and wrapping up past loose ends.

JP: push ahead with SOFA wrapping up

TW: push ahead with song-to-signal agent

GK: more planning?  Plan to design other agents on 4 June?  meld-tool enhancements?  Test cases for recording-to-song agent?


# Progress review: proposed Agenda

We didn't really work through these points, so many of the notes are personal recollection, or just lighty edited from the [2019-05-14  meeting notes](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190514-telecon.md).


1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next meeting 4 June.

(Also note Oxford meeting dates] booked for discussion of SOFA agents with Johan:
4 June (Oxford))

2. Review actions

3. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers

4. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

5. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers


# Actions brought forward

ACTION JP: update TW's script to write to LDP (this was mostly completed during the day, but still needs to be run against the etree data)

ACTION JP: send solid server details to TW (Docker-based + README) (I got the impression thjis was now done.  JP?)

ACTION TW: review JP changes test? (overtaken by events, so effectively done.)

ACTION GK: (maybe later) test case for script writing to LDP (now unblocked.)


# TW review

## Previous

Plan:

- Think about getting actual CALMA features.
    - some investigation performed; no actual implementation yet
    - (need to agree: what to extract, data model, then implement)

- Review/test JP script changes when available.
    - this was effectively covered during this meeting.

- look at MELD-tool scripts;  this was effectively covered during this meeting.

## Next

- push ahead with song-to-signal agent.

## Blockers

- No blockers.  May need input from JP/GK as development proceeds.


# JPNP review

## Previous

PLAN:

- Finish up Solid dockerization documentation
    - progress with Solid install issues; 
    - improved initial Solid configuration mnechanisms
    - docmentation?

- Continue updates to TW scripts to write data to LDP container.  Should complete initial track-to-work linkage agent.
    - Some progress, mostly during meeting, but agent not yet completed
        - TW will continue with this.

- Start thinking about generating repeatable FRBR musical work URIs from artist+title data provided by TW.  E.g. allocate random URIs for new works, but when dealing with artist+track title, lookup first before allocating a new URI.
    - this is effectively covered by the "Song-to-signal" data modeling above.

## Next

- Finish off outsanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md
- Investigate how agents can be automatically triggered:  is this important?
    - GK thoughts: use polling with HTTP if-changed?  Can Solid provide async triggers?
- CALMA server backups (TW should be bringing a backup disk on 4 June)

## Blockers

- No blockers.


# GK review

## Previous

- Post Solid issue on LDP setup and registration
- Nothing substantial since last meeting.

Also: attended Solid meetup in the evening following out session at QMUL.

## Next

- Help TW as required with LDP and meld-cli-tool investigations
- Create initial testing framework for data created at the interface between CALMA/etree exports and SOFA agents
- Plan to design other agents on 4 June?  
- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required
- Possible medl-cli-tool refactoring

## Blockers

- testing framework: awaiting finalization of initial agent implementation.

