# 2019-12-03 teleconference notes

Present: TW / JPNP / GK

Followed by working session with TW / GK

This teleconference consisted of a progress review and discussion, after which GK/TW continued online while working on agent and test software.


# Agenda

- Review software progress

- Discuss next steps

- DMRN poster


# ACTIONS

Brought forward:

TW - progress agent in time for next week, after deadlines satisfied (progressed but not yet complete - hopefully later today)

GK - pointers to JPNP about running agents for testing (Done - links in  Skype chat channel and below) (done)

GK - progress test suite work (done)

JPNP - blocked on running agent locally (unblocked now)

New actions:

JPNP: create containers of generated images (hopefully by end of week)

TW: finish off distribution-per-recording agent (esp write to Solid) (Done)

GK: finish off test case for song-to-signal agent, create test case for distribution-per-recording agent (Done)


# Review

## TW

- updated song-to-recording agent to match recent changes.  One small mistake in text file?  One annotation under artist-songs in wrong place?  Should be under song-to-recording?

- key distribution per recording: still work-in-progress, hoping to finish today: need to write RDF files to Solid server.

- still to do: 
    - add duration of key as well as duration ratio (in distribution-per-recording agent) (done)
    - Add reference to recording workset entry as target of key duration annotation


## JPNP

- Got MELD/CALMA agents up and running.  Initially had some issues.  Looks like python library/operating system variation?  Currently making progress by dropping "astimezone" call.

- with code running, able to see annotations and data generated, is enough to make some progress.  Still blocked on running distribution-per-recording agent.  Possibility to run existing distribution-per-recording agent locally and find the locally-generated data (and song-to-signal output data).


## GK

Since last week teleconference:

- Added design notes for graphic generation agent (key distribution, etc., for single recording)
- Updates to output design for song-to-signal agent, to facilitate locating recording workset entry from (recording description?)
- MELD-CLI tool working for finding annotation by target
- MELD-CLI tool added logic for finding annotation by target and body URI
- Update song-to-signal test case, but still have "Test entry created in recording workset" to do.


# Further discussion

GK/TW discussed how then key distribution per recording agent would find the recording workset reference for its data.  The intent is that it would be handed a working set reference, and would be able to discover the corresponding song data.  The current design isn't ideal for this, but can be made to work.  This note added to the design document description of "song-to-signal" agent annotation format:

> @@NOTE: it would probably be more in the SOFA spirit to have the annotation target be the recording workset entry, and have the body reference the artists_songs entry using `mc:artist_song_ref`, and to rename the container and motivation to reflect this (e.g. `mc:RECORDING_TO_SONG`, etc.)


# Notes for change to song-to-signal agent (copied from earlier email by GK)

Working through the test case for the song-to-signal agent, I've noticed omissions in the design of the output data.  Namely, that I have no obvious way to locate the recording workset entry for a given song in a `artists_songs/<artist-id>/` collection. 

E.g. currently, we have: 

/public/artists_songs/Mogwai/Acid_food_by_Mogwai.ttl: 

    <> a oa:Annotation ; 
        oa:hasBody <http://etree.linkedmusic.org/track/mogwai2006-04-09.sony.flac16-5> ; 
        oa:hasTarget </public/artists_songs/Mogwai/Acid_food_by_Mogwai.ttl> ; 
        oa:motivatedBy mc:SONG_TO_RECORDING . 

That is, the body links directly to the etree track, without any way to locate the recording workset entry. 

The corresponding recording workset entry is created as: 

/public/recording_workset/Acid_food_by_Mogwai/recordingref_916d965dd84d4878b592489ab4a317b9.ttl: 

    <> a meld:ItemRef, 
            mc:RecordingRef, 
            ldp:Resource ; 
        meld:ref <http://etree.linkedmusic.org/track/mogwai2006-04-09.sony.flac16-5> ; 
        dc:creator "graham" ; 
        dcterms:created "2019-11-26T16:48:02.373160+00:00"^^xsd:dateTime . 

Which matches the current design document. 

The original intent was that the song details and discovery process used by the presentation software would be driven from the recording workset, which is making it harder to test because there's no way to find the recording workset entry created for a given song.  Also, I'm not seeing an obvious way to navigate from the recording workset entry, via the etree track reference, to the corresponding song entry in /public/artists_songs/ which contains performer and song name information. 

This is an oversight on my part - I was following the original SOFA design where the fragments are pretty much free-standing, where for the CALMA work the recording workset entries are closely associated with other information (currently the artist and song name). 

My current thoughts, which are primarily aimed at getting the current planned functionality to work, are: 

1. Have the song-to-recording reference a recording workset reference.  This somewhat violates an original design intention, and is intended to facilitate testing.  (The violation occurs because they may be multiple recording worksets corresponding to different selection criteria - linking the song-to-recording to a recording workset entry could be seen as privileging one of those worksets. This might be ameliorated if only one workset entry (i.e. `mc:RecordingRef` entity) is created for each recording, and multiple recording worksets contain references to this single entity; but it's not clear to me this would not cause different problems later.)  Alternatively, for testing, I could search through all entries in the workset. 

2. In the recording workset entry (i.e. the `mc:RecordingRef` entity), refer to the corresponding artists_songs entry (e.g. `/public/artists_songs/Mogwai/Acid_food_by_Mogwai.ttl`) as well as the etree track/recording id. 

I am assuming that, as the song-to-signal agent is successfully creating the recording workset and song-to-signal entries, it would be able to include these cross-references.  Thus: 


Where we currently have: 

      /song_to_recording 
        /song_annotation_xyz.ttl 
          <> a oa:Annotation ; 
            oa:motivatedBy mc:SONG_TO_RECORDING ; 
            oa:hasTarget </public/artists_songs/artist_xyz/song_xyz.ttl> // URIref to entry in /artists_songs... 
            oa:hasBody <etree_recording_id> 
            . 

revise this to be: 

      /song_to_recording 
        /song_annotation_xyz.ttl 
          <> a oa:Annotation ; 
            oa:motivatedBy mc:SONG_TO_RECORDING ; 
            oa:hasTarget </public/artists_songs/artist_xyz/song_xyz.ttl> // URIref to entry in /artists_songs... 
            oa:hasBody 
              [ meld:ref       <etree_recording_id> 
              ; mc:workset_ref <reference recording workset entry> 
              ] 
            . 

And where we currently have: 

      <> 
          a mc:RecordingRef, meld:ItemRef, ldp:Resource; 
          dc:creator "John"; 
          dct:created "2019-06-01T14:09:58+0100"; 
          meld:ref <etree recording URI> 
          . 

revise this to: 

      <> 
          a mc:RecordingRef, meld:ItemRef, ldp:Resource; 
          dc:creator "John"; 
          dct:created "2019-06-01T14:09:58+0100"; 
          meld:ref <etree recording URI>; 
          mc:artist_song_ref <artists_songs entry ref>;  # same as target of corresponding song_to_recording annotation> 


Thus, the above current example data would become: 

    /public/song_to_recording/Acid_food_by_Mogwai.ttl: 

        <> a oa:Annotation ; 
            oa:motivatedBy mc:SONG_TO_RECORDING ; 
            oa:hasTarget </public/artists_songs/Mogwai/Acid_food_by_Mogwai.ttl> ; 
            oa:hasBody 
              [ meld:ref <http://etree.linkedmusic.org/track/mogwai2006-04-09.sony.flac16-5> 
              ; mc:workset_ref </public/recording_workset/Acid_food_by_Mogwai/recordingref_916d965dd84d4878b592489ab4a317b9.ttl> 
                  # Used to facilitate testing only 
              ] 
            . 


/public/recording_workset/Acid_food_by_Mogwai/recordingref_916d965dd84d4878b592489ab4a317b9.ttl: 

        <> a meld:ItemRef, 
                mc:RecordingRef, 
                ldp:Resource ; 
            dc:creator "graham" ; 
            dcterms:created "2019-11-26T16:48:02.373160+00:00"^^xsd:dateTime ; 
            meld:ref <http://etree.linkedmusic.org/track/mogwai2006-04-09.sony.flac16-5> ; 
            mc:artist_song_ref </public/artists_songs/Mogwai/Acid_food_by_Mogwai.ttl> ; 
            . 

Thomas: would this be a big change for you to realize in the song-to-signal agent? 


