Telecon to discuss progress of integration of MELD and CALMA, 

09-Apr-2019, 11:00, TW, JP, GK

Previous meeting [2019-04-03](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190403-meeting.md)


# Proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Propose 2019-04-17, 10:00 - possible fallback to email round-up

2. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers

3. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

4. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers


# TW review

## Previous

Write various scripts to get a feel for the data model, etc.  Created simple annotations connecting a word to an etree track, and a simple LDP basic container structure for each artist.

Did this for all songs in etree to see how big it would be.  Looks like about 500Mb as Turtle?

(JP: initially, probably want to focus on a single artist.)

Coded in Python.

## Next

Will push scripts to GitHub in demoable form.

Limit output to data present in CALMA.

Set up LDP/Solid Docker container.  (JP will send instructions.)

Script to push annotations into the container.

With main goasl of gaining familiariti with getting annotations into an LDP container.

## Blockers

Came up in discussion, but seem to be resolved:

Decide more concretely on data model to be exported.  Propose to go with what TW finds easiest to do.

Think about how to interface with SOFA.  Looks like creating annotations in an LDP container will be the way.

TW's docker hub username in Skype chat (not repeating here!)


# JP review

## Previous

Mostly tidying up diockerization of Solid + documentation.

Some tidying up SOFA front-end.

## Next

Send Docker LDP (Solid) container + details to TW?

Try out Thomas's scripts when pushed to GitHub.

Start thinking about generating repeatable FRBR musical work URIs from artist+title data provided by TW.


## Blockers

What's our next step in the pipeline

Need strategy for generating and retrieving work ids, save in a dataset, and use a lookup to recover values.

What about cover versions?  Are they the same work?  (GK thinks not.)


# GK review

## Previous

- Meeting with David Weigl: possible use of MELD-CLI in his TROMPA work.  Noted that segments are central to his work, and likely to be a core pattern for MELD.  Not sure this affects our MELD/CALMA work, but I may look to adding explicit segment support in MELD-CLI 

- Very small progress on MELD-CLI: initial test cases for annotation support.

- Started email discussion with Kevin about academic status for oerc-music, and making this repo private for now.

## Next

- Continue with MELD-CLI annotation support

## Blockers

- None


