Telecon to discuss progress of integration of MELD and CALMA, 

09-Apr-2019, 11:00, TW, JP, GK

Previous meeting [2019-04-03](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190403-meeting.md)


# Proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

2. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers

3. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

4. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers


# TW review

## Previous

## Next

## Blockers


# JP review

## Previous

## Next

## Blockers


# GK review

## Previous

- Meeting with David Weigl: possible use of MELD-CLI in his TROMPA work.  Noted that segments are central to his work, and likely to be a core pattern for MELD.  Not sure this affects our MELD/CALMA work, but I may look tp0 adding explicit segment support in MELD-CLI 

- Very small progress on MELD-CLI: initial test cases for annotation support.

- Started email discussion with Kevin about academic status for oerc-music, and making this repo private for now.

## Next

- Continue with MELD-CLI annotation support

## Blockers

- None


