Progress and F2F dev meeting for integration of MELD and CALMA.

11-Sep-2019, JP, GK, TW

These notes:
- [2019-09-11](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190911-meeting.md)  

Previous notes:
- [2019-08-06](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190806-telecon.md)  

See also:

- [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)
- [Future features](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md)


# Progress review: proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next meetings: 
- Agent dev F2F: GK & TW - 2019-09-24 at 10:00 (possible telecon with JP?)
- Possible SOFA progress review: GK & JP  2019-09-27 at 10:00

2. Review actions

3. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers

4. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

5. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers

6. Tech discussions / matters arising


# Actions brought forward

ACTION: JP Merge SOFA state-save/restore changes to master branch.  (Ongoing.  Expect done by next meeting.)


# TW review

NOTE: TW away 15-21 October

# Previously

- Number of occurrences agent: work-in-progress: done and uploaded

- Continue re-work of key/song duration agent to reuse output of song-to-signal agent (ongoing)


## Next steps

- Today look at: deduplication when agent run twice

- Continue re-work of key/song duration agent to reuse output of song-to-signal agent

- Key distribution per song agent

- Key typicality agent

See: [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)

Next meeting when basic agent logic should be coded: 2019-09-24; GK to London


## Blockers

- Duplication problem

- Would like feedback on agents completed so far (confirm functionality)  Test cases?


# JPNP review

## Previous

No effective progress due to machine failure and slow repair times from University-designated supplier.

## Next

- Complete merge remixer state I/O functions to master - aim to complete today.

- Finish work on command line tool for fragment set merging.

This will complete the planned SOFA updates.

- Improve support for triggering agent runs - aiming for some kind of framework that can handle running multiple agents, as needed (e.g. in response to container data changes).  Anticipate some kind of pub-sub mechanism to re-run computations when container changes, or in response to other triggers.
    - Note GK activity on Solid notifications

## Blockers

- Awaiting repair of failed machine; workarounds used are slowing progress.


## Overall plan/roadmap

- CALMA server backups (TW to supply a backup disk) (DONE!)

- Finish off outstanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md

    - complete testing of changes for load/save, then push to GitHub
        - not yet in running version (ongoing)

    - command line tooling to merge fragment sets [JP6], (as update to MELD CLI tools [GK5])

    - Finish off MEI output
        - for later

- Agent-run triggering.


# GK review

## Previously

(Away - no progress)

## Next

- Working with Thomas to help with agent implementation/testing (2 weeks time).

- Create tests for other agents as they come available.

- Look at incorporating agent-triggering logic into tests so that agents don't need to be run manually.  (This willl be after JPNP has finished SOFA updates.)

## Blockers

(None)

## Overall plan / roadmap

- Add support for WebSocket notifications to meld-tool.js (done)

- meld-tool options to use WebSocket notifications from Solid (done)

- Complete tests for song-to-signal agent (done)

- Tests for key/song duration agent (done)

- Look at incorporating agent-triggering logic into tests to that agents don't need to be run manually.  (Needs work from JPNP)

- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required

- Possible meet with Johan when we’ve settled our data model for feature data (not scheduled yet - emails have been sent)


# Rest of day

- GK/TW look at duplicate issues when agent is re-run?

- 





