Progress meeting for integration of MELD and CALMA.

12-Nov-2019, JP, GK

These notes:
- [2019-11-12](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20191112-meeting.md)  

Previous notes:
- [2019-10-29](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20191029-meeting.md)  

See also:

- [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)
- [Future features](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md)

Summary:

SOFA demoed at final FAST all-hands meeting on 1 November.  (One of the better all-hands meetings?)

Not much progress in other areas due to focus on meeting.

# Progress review: proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next meeting: 2019-11-12 10:00 @@later

2. Review actions

3. Review milestones

4. TW review: last period

(GFK will catch-up tomorrow, 2019-11-13)

5. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

6. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers


# Actions brought forward

ACTION: JP Merge SOFA state-save/restore changes to master branch.

- progress but problems using VMs, running Solid in Docker.  Problem with script that builds container; probable dependency problem.  Need lock file specified in build script?

# Current goals/milestones

Expect no more meaningful development after this month?

Complete outstanding SOFA items.  Maybe advance but not full functionality on agent triggering.


# TW review

- No report: expecting to catch up on Wednesday

## Previously

## Next steps

- Key distribution per song agent

- Key typicality agent

See: [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)

## Blockers

- (unknown)


# JPNP review

## Previous

Created new set of fragments for demo using Mat's generator code.  In a form ready to be uploaded to workset container (with script to do so).  (Future work to work to tweak the fragments generated may be required for better demoability.)

Re-worked fragment display, believe it has fixed the duration match problem reported previously.

SOFA demo at all-hands meeting.  Seemed to come off OK.

## Next

- More testing (esp. save/load)

- Finish work on command line tool for fragment set merging - probably after next meeting. NOT urgent for 1 Nov demo.

This will complete the planned SOFA updates.

CONFIRMED: will be complete by 2019-11-15.

- Improve support for triggering agent runs - aiming for some kind of framework that can handle running multiple agents, as needed (e.g. in response to container data changes).  Anticipate some kind of pub-sub mechanism to re-run computations when container changes, or in response to other triggers.
    - Note GK activity on Solid notifications

- ??meld/calma presentation updates??  KP says NO

- Agent to produce JPEG of graph from assembled data ...


SEE ALSO:

- http://calma.linkedmusic.org/rcalma.html

- http://calma.linkedmusic.org/

Assume have missed SOFA-style manipulation/selection in web browser.

Minimum viability: plots from above without typicality score.

Suggest: create container of plots (like plots in above link).  But how to get plots?

(DL knows about rCalma process, has minimal time)

(Ask for pointer to R plotting code?)

MVP: command line tool do download plot(s) of key, no typicality calculation - 

(Also, want pieces to make the web tool.)

TODO: container design for plots

TODO: point JP at container design notes working on with Thomas

https://www.qmul.ac.uk/dmrn/dmrn-14/
https://www.qmul.ac.uk/dmrn/media/dmrn/1page-dmrn14-template.docx













## Overall plan/roadmap

- CALMA server backups (TW to supply a backup disk) (DONE!)

- Finish off outstanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md

    - complete testing of changes for load/save, then push to GitHub
        - not yet in running version (ongoing)

    - command line tooling to merge fragment sets [JP6], (as update to MELD CLI tools [GK5])

    - Finish off MEI output
        - for later

- Agent-run triggering.


# GK review

SOFA demo at all-hands meeting.  Not much call for architecture discussion.

Notes for possible DMRN poster

## Previously

- Reviewed progress with TW at all hands (not much, due to meeting prep, etc.); arranged meeting for 2019-11-13 to progress agents, hopefully get close to some conclusion.

- Very little other progress (no time)


## Next

- update test case for song-to-signal agent based on outcomes of meeting with Thomas (see notes in `src/agents/test-song-to-signal.sh`).

- continue with refactoring:  start using (and testing) shared functions in song-to-signal agent

Aim to catch up and review progress at the FAST wrap-up meeting on 1 Nov 2019.

- Create tests for other agents as they come available.

- Look at incorporating agent-triggering logic into tests so that agents don't need to be run manually.  (This willl be after JPNP has finished SOFA updates.)

## Blockers

- Waiting for JPNP completion of SOFA updates, and specifically starting to look at agent-run triggering.

## Overall plan / roadmap

### Done

- Add support for WebSocket notifications to meld-tool.js (done)

- meld-tool options to use WebSocket notifications from Solid (done)

- Complete test for song-to-signal agent (done)

- Test for number-of-occurrences agent (done)

- Test for key/recording duration agent (done)

- Meet with Johan when we’ve settled our data model for feature data (scheduled for 2019-10-08) (Done)

### To do

- Test for key/song duration agent

- Look at incorporating agent-triggering logic into tests to that agents don't need to be run manually.  (Awaiting work from JPNP)

- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required

