Notes from meeting to discuss integration of MELD and CALMA, 
and use of SOFA to assemble rCALMA-style displays.

2019-04-03, 11:00, OeRC (ended about 17:30)


# Summary of outcomes

The first part of the meeting (about half the overall time) was spent reviewing existing systems (CALMA, MELD, SOFA) and coming to a sense of how we can bring these elements together.  A fair amount of time was needed to get a sufficiently deep understanding of the details of what is described in the JCDL paper.  

The second part discussed more specific plans and ideas for progress towards these goals.  We have not formulated a definite long-term plan as there are still many imponderables to be worked out, so we are focusing on small pieces that can be combined in as-yet-undetermined patterns.  We do have some specific near-term (1-2 week) activity mapped out that we can pursue, from which we expect to get a better understandiung of longer-term design options.

We will initially focus on creating an "etree-track-to-work" agent, which will create MELD-style annotations connecting tracks in etree (`etree:Track` values) to musical works roughly corresponding to recorded songs (generated `mo:MusicalWork` values).

Initially, the plan is to use simple command line tools that can be combined through stdout->stdin piping of data, or shell scripts using output from one tool as a command line parameter to another.  (This is to get started quickly with data: later, we may look for alternative integration mechanisms.)

Songs will initially be determined by a simple combination of artist id and track name.

The annotation model we aim for is really simple, based on figure 1 of the notes from 20178-07-40, except that the body reference is an etree:Track rather thgan an mo:Signal.

We still need to decide how to handle allocation of identifiers/URIs for the musical works.

Next activities:

- TW: look into extracting data for tracks+artists from etree.
- JP: continue to get Solid environment setup properly documented.
- GK: continue work on meld-cli tool to allow quick prototyping of annotation creation.

We will discuss progress and issues at a telecon on 2019-04-09 10:00


# Preparation

- Read through notes from 2018-07-30 meeting last year
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JTr5Q7lf6wh-vMsCQvGpG-CXlWjdciaprHjyB5fYA-4/edit
- Read JCDL “layered libraries” paper
    - “Realising a Layered Digital Library: Exploration and Analysis of the Live Music Archive through Linked Data”  
    - https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7991563 (paywalled) 
    - https://www.research.manchester.ac.uk/portal/files/53317247/JCDL_CALMA.pdf

- https://ora.ox.ac.uk/objects/uuid:989f8931-ac42-43ed-b6cc-9d6b1386dd3c (forgot to send in advance of meeting) (WHY NO PREPRINT IN ORA?)


## Other links:

- http://calma.linkedmusic.org/
- https://www.w3.org/2012/ldp/hg/ldp-primer/ldp-primer.html  (LDP primer)


# Proposed Agenda

We should aim to come out of this in a position that each participant is able to start work on their part of the project

1. Agenda bashing; confirm date next meeting or telecon (5 mins)

2. Review what we have (30 mins)
    - MELD, based on LDP, Web Anotations
    - SOFA architecture, based on LDP, annotation agents, SoLiD
        - bring TW up to speed on SOFA
        - (discuss SOFA as a multi-agent “blackboard system”?)
    - CALMA, rCALMA
    - MELD CLI tool (work in progress)
        - Note potential for testing

3. Articulate outline goals.  Why are we doing this? (10 mins)

- Sketch high level architecture for MELDed CALMA?
- (What papers might we base on this work?)

    cf. 2018-07-30 notes, “Identified future implementation extensions”

4. Plan for moving forward (30-60 mins)

    - Goals for initial phase: what the simplest meaningful step we can take?
        - Create a MELD annotation agent…
            - cf. 2018-07-30 notes; section 2
            - e.g. to do the initial selection/analysis that rCALMA does (workset selection…?”)
    - Clarify who can do what; who needs what
        - minimize changes to existing work, look for ways to glue existing parts together 
        - e.g. TW: extending CALMA data; JP MELD annotation agents and SOFA tweaks; GK testing tools
    - How will we interface our parts (e.g., via data model in LDP containers?)
    - Outline sketch for test cases

5. Design and implementation

    - Repo for new work
    - Adding triples to CALMA (can be stored separately from existing data)
    - Steps in plan for SOFA part (planning(task identification): creating MELD annotation agents?)
    - 1st pass on model: connecting CALMA++ with the SOFA world.
    - Hardware requirements?


# Meeting notes

## 1. Agenda bashing; confirm date next meeting or telecon (5 mins)

Confirm next contact: telecon 2019-04-09 10:00.  

## 2. Review what we have (30 mins)

    - CALMA, rCALMA
    - MELD, based on LDP, Web Annotations
    - SOFA architecture, based on LDP, annotation agents, SoLiD
        - bring TW up to speed on SOFA
        - (discuss SOFA as a multi-agent “blackboard system”?)
    - MELD CLI tool (work in progress)
        - Note potential for testing


## 3. Articulate outline goals.  Why are we doing this?

   - Sketch high level architecture for MELDed CALMA?
   - (What papers might we base on this work?)

cf. 2018-07-30 notes, “Identified future implementation extensions”

Create a SOFA-style framework to allow applications of any kind to find and present arbitrary annotations without knowing anything about them or how they are obtained/deduced.

E.g. Grateful Dead live able to explore facets ranging from weather to key signature without knowing about either,

Application examples: playlist generation, music archive exploration, music composition from fragments, …

Introduce new selection concepts through new agents without affecting existing code.

Example rCALMA:  split into agent services and use (bits of) SOFA to handle the selection and presentation.  With possibility to enable wider exploration of the entire live music archive.  Maybe hoisted by IA?


## 4. Plan for moving forward

NEED CONCRETE STEPS

    - Goals for initial phase: what the simplest meaningful step we can take?
        - Create a MELD annotation agent…
            - cf. 2018-07-30 notes; section 2
            - e.g. to do the initial selection/analysis that rCALMA does (workset selection…?”)
    - Clarify who can do what; who needs what
        - minimize changes to existing work, look for ways to glue existing parts together 
        - e.g. TW: query and extend CALMA data; JP MELD annotation agents and SOFA tweaks; GK testing tools
    - How will we interface our parts (e.g., via data model in LDP containers?)
    - Outline sketch for test cases

### Work-to-signal agent

NOTE:  considering deficiencies in the tree use of other ontologies, and the lack of an explicit representation of mo:Signal, and with avowal of initial simplicity of implementation we feel the agent should actually connect ‘tree:Track’ instances to work.  This is a variation from the model sketched last July. (i.e. an etree-track-to-work agent?)


Tasks:

1. enumerate etree tracks for a given performer, returning a list of etree track URLs.  (Simple CL tool with output to stdout) (TW)

2. for each etree:Track, extract artist id and song name. (Simple CL tool with output to stdout) (TW)

3. for each combination of artist id and song name, allocate a mo:MusicalWork id (Simple CL tool with output to stdout)

4. Agent: for each etree track, create annotation that links work (as target) to track (as body) (us)

Need to think about how to identify and distinguish works????

xx. Set up (at least one) LDP server

ACTIONS:

TW: look into extracting data for from etree (via CL tooling)

JP: continue to get Solid environment setup properly documented

GK: continue work on meld-cli tool to allow quick prototyping of annotation creation


## 5. Design and implementation

    - Repo for new work
    - Adding triples to CALMA (can be stored separately from existing data)?
    - Steps in plan for SOFA part (planning(task identification): creating MELD annotation agents?)
    - 1st pass on model: connecting CALMA++ with the SOFA world.
    - Hardware requirements?

Not all topics here were discussed.

For the model, create annotations similar to figure from 2018-07-30 notes (link above), but:

- body is reference to `etree:Track`, not `mo:Signal`  (etree modelling flaws in use of MO terms mean the latter wouldn't work).  This means the annotations will be etree-specific, but at this stage this seems unavoidable.

- target is reference to generated mo:MuysicalWork entity.  Details of identification and URI allocation have yet to be worked out.  (How will we be able to ensure the same identifieris used for multiple recordings of he same song?)

- Rather than one annotation with multiple bodies, we propose multiple annotations for each musical work, each with a single body.  This will be easier to generate initially.This is not necessarily a long-term decision, as there may be performance issues.  We may subsequently use additional or enhanced agents to form one annotation per identified musical work.  

