Telecon to progress integration of MELD and CALMA.

25-Jun-2019, 10:00, TW, JPNP, GK

These notes:
- [2019-06-25](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190625-telecon.md)

Previous meeting:
- [2019-06-18](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190618-telecon.md)


See also, 2 new documents (extracted from past meeting notes):

- [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)
- [Future features](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md)


# Progress review: proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next telecon: 2019-07-02 at 10:00 ???

2. Review actions

3. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers

4. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

5. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers


# Actions brought forward

(These were not reviewed, so carried forward)

ACTION TW: supply backup disk for CALMA data (ongoing: Thomas to chase)

ACTION TW: song-to-signal agent running against the etree data (ongoing: updates per 2019-06-18 meeting)

ACTION GK: test case for song-to-signal agent writing to LDP (awaiting TW song-to-signal agent)


# TW review

- Not much time to work on agent.

- Got stuck with Solid globbing access and bad Turtle syntax returned.

<!--
- Re-work song-to-signal agent to reflect structures in [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)

- Re-work key/song duration agent to reuse output of song-to-signal agent
-->

## Next steps

- Continue work on song-to-signal agent to reflect structures in [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)

- Re-work key/song duration agent to reuse output of song-to-signal agent

## Blockers

None at present.


# JPNP review

## Plan/roadmap

- CALMA server backups (TW to supply a backup disk)

- Finish off outstanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md

    - complete testing of changes for load/save, then push to GitHub
        - not yet in running version

    - command line tooling to merge fragment sets [JP6], (as update to MELD CLI tools [GK5])
        - held for some pair activity with GK on meld-tool

    - Finish off MEI output
        - for later

## Previous

- Progress on remixer state I/O functions.  Not much time spent (1+ day); no fundmanetal problems, but is taking longer than expected to get new load/save patterns working.  Continues (Est 1+ day needed).

## Next

- Remixer state I/O functions

- ?? Improve support for running agents - aiming for some kind of framework that can handle running multiple agents, as needed (e.g. in response to container data changes).  Anticipate some kind of pub-sub mechanism to re-run computations when container changes, or in response to other triggers.

## Blockers

(None at present)


# GK review

## Previous

- Create initial testing framework for data created at the interface between CALMA/etree exports and SOFA agents
    - No progress; intend to base on stabilized results of TW agents

- Some emails with Thomas dealinbg with Solid I/O and RDF parsing issues

- meld-tool refactoring 
    - separated support library from command handling
    - separated SOFA-specific features to separate command


## Next/plan

- Create initial testing framework for data created at the interface between CALMA/etree exports and SOFA agents
- Look at Solid notifications via WebSockets; also node.js websockets library
- Think about meld-tool options to use this
- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required
- Planning to meet with Johan when weâ€™ve settled our data model for feature data (not scheduled yet)

## Blockers

- Awaiting stabilized agent from TW, to use as basis for initial test code.  (I'm hoping to use this as a basis for discussion with JP; e.g. to use the framework to map out some test cases for a TDD approach?)


