Progress and F2F dev meeting for integration of MELD and CALMA.

27-Sep-2019, JP, GK

These notes:
- [2019-09-27](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190927-meeting.md)  

Previous notes:
- [2019-09-11](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190911-meeting.md)  

See also:

- [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)
- [Future features](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md)

Summary:

No progress since last meeting, mainly due to other commitments by all concerned.  Also still waiting for repair of JPNP's laptop.


# Progress review: proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next meetings: 
- @@TBC GK/TW on 2019-10-02: ongoing agent dev and testing, probably in London
- @@TBC MELD/CALMA review RTW/JPNP/TW: 2019-10-02 14:00 telecon (needs to be after lunch for JPNP)
- 2019-10-08 GK/JP in London: work on command line tools for JP's feature extraction APIs

2. Review actions

3. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers [GK report]

4. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

5. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers

6. Tech discussions / matters arising

@@next meeting: add review of milestones


# Milestones

@@added since meeting, in discussion with KP

NOTE: we have now committed to a demo of SOFA at the FAST celebration on 1st November;  outstanding items on SOFA need to be complete and demoable.  Also need to fix bugs reported by DL.

(Need to review what is required to be demoed:  can we use the Giraffes to drive the old-style SOFA demo?  Consider GK may talk about underlying structures while JP demos.  Leading up to the idea of the same architecture driving a differenbt app?)


# Actions brought forward

ACTION: JP Merge SOFA state-save/restore changes to master branch.



# TW review

NOTE: TW away 15-21 October

# Previously

Work delayed by paper/proposal deadline.

TW contract is now extended to December.

(2019-09-24 meeting postponed, currently rescheduling)

## Next steps

- Continue re-work of key/song duration agent to reuse output of song-to-signal agent

- Key distribution per song agent

- Key typicality agent

See: [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)

@@TBC: Next meeting when basic agent logic should be coded: 2019-10-02; GK to London 


## Blockers

- (unknown)


# JPNP review

## Previous

Little progress on merge SOFA state-save/restore changes to master branch.  Little progress due to using unused holiday, helping CofK for meeting deadline.  (Asidfe:  managed to sort CofK problems;  main problem was an nginx request timeout.  Lots of fact-finding, despite good docs it takes a while - takes 2.5 days.)  Some of this time will be carried forwards.

Ongoing delays due to machine failure and slow repair times from University-designated supplier.

## Next

- Complete merge remixer state I/O functions to master - hopefully next week - see above.

- Finish work on command line tool for fragment set merging - probably after next meeting.

This will complete the planned SOFA updates.

- Improve support for triggering agent runs - aiming for some kind of framework that can handle running multiple agents, as needed (e.g. in response to container data changes).  Anticipate some kind of pub-sub mechanism to re-run computations when container changes, or in response to other triggers.
    - Note GK activity on Solid notifications

## Blockers

- Awaiting repair of failed laptop; workarounds used are slowing progress.


## Overall plan/roadmap

- CALMA server backups (TW to supply a backup disk) (DONE!)

- Finish off outstanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md

    - complete testing of changes for load/save, then push to GitHub
        - not yet in running version (ongoing)

    - command line tooling to merge fragment sets [JP6], (as update to MELD CLI tools [GK5])

    - Finish off MEI output
        - for later

- Agent-run triggering.


# GK review

## Previously

- Presentation, including MELD, at XML Summer School ("Trends and Transients" track).

- Various admin

(XML summer school - no significant progress on software)

## Next

- Create test script for number-of-occurrences agent

- Working with Thomas to help with agent implementation/testing.

- Create tests for other agents as they come available.

- Look at incorporating agent-triggering logic into tests so that agents don't need to be run manually.  (This willl be after JPNP has finished SOFA updates.)

## Blockers

- Waiting for JPNP completion of SOFA updates, and specifically starting to look at agent-run triggering.

## Overall plan / roadmap

- Add support for WebSocket notifications to meld-tool.js (done)

- meld-tool options to use WebSocket notifications from Solid (done)

- Complete tests for song-to-signal agent (done)

- Tests for number-of-occurrences agent (done)

- Tests for key/song duration agent

- Look at incorporating agent-triggering logic into tests to that agents don't need to be run manually.  (Awaiting work from JPNP)

- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required

- Possible meet with Johan when we’ve settled our data model for feature data (scheduled for 2019-10-08)

