Update on integration of MELD and CALMA.

16-Jul-2019, by Skype telecon

These notes:
- [2019-07-16](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190716-telecon.md)  

Previous notes:
- [2019-07-09](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190709-update.md)  


See also:

- [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)
- [Future features](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md)


# Progress review: proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next telecon: Wed 2019-07-31 at 10:00 (next week is DHOxSS for Oxford)

2. Review actions

3. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers

4. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

5. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers

6. Tech discussions / matters arising


# Actions brought forward

ACTION TW: supply backup disk for CALMA data (ongoing: Thomas to chase)
    - request is in hand to be shipped to Oxford.
    - no further news from admin at QMUL.

ACTION GK: test case for song-to-signal agent writing to LDP. STARTED. (ongoing)
    - A basic set of tests is running.
    - It's not totally automatic, in that the agent needs to be run separately by hand.
    - Still to do is testing the song-to-signal annotations.
    - See: https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/src/agents/song-to-signal/test-song-to-signal.sh

NEW ACTION: JP Investigate and report status of numbers-into-notes fragment set merging.


# TW review

Very little last week due to Journal deadline.

## Next steps

- Re-work key/song duration agent to reuse output of song-to-signal agent

## Blockers

- None

# JPNP review

## Previous

(2 weeks report)

Progress on remixer load/save.  Still have some to do.

Last week mainly working on numbers-into-notes docker image on Thalassa2.

<!--
- Hopeful of completing remixer state I/O functions

- ?? Improve support for running agents - aiming for some kind of framework that can handle running multiple agents, as needed (e.g. in response to container data changes).  Anticipate some kind of pub-sub mechanism to re-run computations when container changes, or in response to other triggers.
    - Note GK activity on Solid notifications
-->

## Next

- Should be completing remixer state I/O functions this week.

- Improve support for triggering agent runs - aiming for some kind of framework that can handle running multiple agents, as needed (e.g. in response to container data changes).  Anticipate some kind of pub-sub mechanism to re-run computations when container changes, or in response to other triggers.
    - Note GK activity on Solid notifications
    - Falback plan is to poll containers to generate notifications.
    - probably not this side of DHOxSS

## Blockers

(None)

## Overall plan/roadmap

- CALMA server backups (TW to supply a backup disk)

- Finish off outstanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md

    - complete testing of changes for load/save, then push to GitHub
        - not yet in running version (ongoing)

    - command line tooling to merge fragment sets [JP6], (as update to MELD CLI tools [GK5])

    - Finish off MEI output
        - for later

ACTION: JP Investigate and report status of numbers-into-notes fragment set merging.


# GK review

## Last week

Meeting with Thomas in Oxford on 2019-07-09 to make a push on sorting out the Solid/SOFA interfaces for the MELD/CALMA feature extraction agents.  Developed some initial test code alongside the agent development.  (See: https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/src/agents/song-to-signal/test-song-to-signal.sh)

Also started to look at adding Solid notification handling code to meld-tool.  This is work-in-progress, but I have thus far seen notifications when updating a resource, but nine whemn updating a container.  (Also learned about node utility `wscat`.)

Updates to the [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md) document.

## Next

- continue with song-to-signal agent tests

- more tests on mnotification logic; submit node-solid-server issue if needed.


## Blockers

(None)

## Overall plan / roadmap

- Add support for WebSocket notifications to meld-tool.js (done - see above)

- meld-tool options to use WebSocket notifications from Solid (in progress - see above)

- Create initial testing framework for data created at the interface between CALMA/etree exports and SOFA agents (in progress - see above)

- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required

- Possible meet with Johan when we’ve settled our data model for feature data (not scheduled yet)

