# MELD/CALMA catch-up/review meeting, 2019-12-05

Present: GK, JPNP


# Agenda

- Review software progress

- DMRN poster


# ACTIONS

Brought forward:

TW: finish off distribution-per-recording agent (esp write to Solid) (Done - Tuesday)

GK: finish off test case for song-to-signal agent (Done - Tuesday)

GK: create test case for distribution-per-recording agent (probably defer for now)

JPNP: create containers of generated images (hopefully by end of week or early next week)

New actions:

JPNP: collect screenshot and other materials for poster

GK: ask if TW is OK to help JPNP create the poster, maybe incorporating materials provided by GK.  (Done)

GK: fix meld-cli tool (used for testing)

GK: think about software arch / data model diagrams for poster (see FAST meeting notes)


# Review

## TW

- add duration of key as well as duration ratio (in distribution-per-recording agent) (done)

- add reference to recording workset entry as target of key duration annotation

- Used more predictable name for recording workset entry to facilitate testing


## JPNP

Unblocked on key distribution data availability

Some progress on graphic generation, more to do.  Still on track for end of week or early next week. (40% FAST)

Question: how to organize code:  want agent support codebase in re-usable module.  For now, don't worry about node packaging, but create separate file with exports that can be referenced by `require`.


## GK

Since earlier this week:

- Updated MELD-CLI tool to locate annotation by target and optional body; may still need a query command at some time
- Completed test case for recording workset entry created by song-to-signal agent
- Broken MELD-CLI tool error handling - currently tests are broken


# DMRN poster

See: https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/20191115-dmrn-poster-abstract.md

Proposal has been accepted.

DMRN is on 2019-12-17.

NOTE: really need to have content ready by 12 Dec - that's a week today.

NOTE: GK away 9 and 13-16 Dec.

ACTION GK: try to create some kind of arch and/or data model diagram for what we're doing.

    - re-use SOFA diagrams, with updated labeling?

TW: ??

ACTION JPNP: collect screenshots, maybe organize printing?

Need to agree who's going to do the overall poster design.

ACTION: GK ask if Thomas is OK to do overall poster design.

TODO: grab screen capture of *anything* that works




# FAST meeting notes (2019-12-05)

Music SOFA paper:
https://ora.ox.ac.uk/objects/uuid:989f8931-ac42-43ed-b6cc-9d6b1386dd3c

Figs 3, 4, 5 - repurpose with MELD/CALMA labelling

Keywords to focus on:  "Agent", "DMO", "Orchestration"

Add DDeR to list of authors.
Ask Panos to add DDeR to author list.
Ask Thomas about adding Mark as author.

Title
Authors 
Intro sentence - "Using DMOs to orchestrate multi-agent music analysis"

Butchered giraffes poster...

Figures 3, 4, 5, relabelled 

(add note to show other analysis and visualization agents could be added...)

What is a DMO?
(@@@ realized as LDP containers
What is LDP?
(@@@)

DMO / Agent / Orchestration
"Using DMOs to orchestrate multi-agent music analysis"

Screenshot of real graph

Logos: FAST, Oxford, OeRC, QMUL.

....

DDeR - plants and music

LEAP - hand position measurement...

