Update on integration of MELD and CALMA.

09-Jul-2019, by email, also F2F session in Oxford with GK/TW.

These notes:
- [2019-07-09](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190709-update.md)

Previous meeting:
- [2019-07-02](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190702-telecon.md)


See also:

- [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)
- [Future features](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md)

The [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md) has been updated following today's diuscussions, mainly to clarify some details and flesh out some details.


# Progress review: proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next telecon: (tentatively) 2019-07-16 at 10:00 (TBC)

2. Review actions

3. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers

4. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

5. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers

6. Tech discussions / matters arising


# Actions brought forward

ACTION TW: supply backup disk for CALMA data (ongoing: Thomas to chase)
    - request is in hand to be shipped to Oxford.

ACTION TW: song-to-signal agent running against the etree data. DONE.
    - this is now working for a single specified song.

ACTION GK: test case for song-to-signal agent writing to LDP. STARTED.
    - A basic set of tests is running.
    - It's not totally automatic, in that the agent needs to be run separately by hand.
    - Still to do is testing the song-to-signal annotations.
    - See: https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/src/agents/song-to-signal/test-song-to-signal.sh

# TW review

- Song-to-signal agent now works, reflecting structures in [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)

## Next steps

- Re-work key/song duration agent to reuse output of song-to-signal agent


## Blockers

- None?

# JPNP review

## Previous

@@@

<!--
- Hopeful of completing remixer state I/O functions

- ?? Improve support for running agents - aiming for some kind of framework that can handle running multiple agents, as needed (e.g. in response to container data changes).  Anticipate some kind of pub-sub mechanism to re-run computations when container changes, or in response to other triggers.
    - Note GK activity on Solid notifications
-->

## Next

@@@

## Blockers

@@@

## Overall plan/roadmap

- CALMA server backups (TW to supply a backup disk)

- Finish off outstanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md

    - complete testing of changes for load/save, then push to GitHub
        - not yet in running version

    - command line tooling to merge fragment sets [JP6], (as update to MELD CLI tools [GK5])

    - Finish off MEI output
        - for later


# GK review

## Last week

- created (and tested) some experimental nodejs code for testing WebSockets notifications, in preparation for adding Solid notification detection/response capabilities to meld-tool.

Design notes at:

https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/20190702-notifications.md

Code, modeled on meld-tool, at:

https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-cli-tools/blob/master/src/meld-tool/ws_tool_cli.js

(I wrote, but didn't test, an experimental function to provide the websocket notification via a Promise.  I haven't pursued this yet, as I need to figure out how to handle the timeout / incoming message cases via a promise.)

## Next

Meeting with Thomas in Oxford on 2019-07-09 to make a push on sorting out the Solid/SOFA interfaces for the MELD/CALMA feature extraction agents.  I plan to develop some test code alongside the agent development.

Also started to look at adding Solid notification handling code to meld-tool.

Updates to the [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md) document.

## Blockers

- Awaiting stabilized agent(s) from TW, to use as basis for initial test code. This should get unblocked this week.

## Overall plan / roadmap

- Add support for WebSocket notifications to meld-tool.js (done - see above)

- meld-tool options to use WebSocket notifications from Solid (in progress - see above)

- Create initial testing framework for data created at the interface between CALMA/etree exports and SOFA agents (in progress - see above)

- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required

- Possible meet with Johan when we’ve settled our data model for feature data (not scheduled yet)

