Telecon to progress integration of MELD and CALMA.

02-Jul-2019, 10:00, TW, JPNP, GK

These notes:
- [2019-07-02](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190702-telecon.md)

Previous meeting:
- [2019-06-25](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190625-telecon.md)


See also:

- [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)
- [Future features](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md)

The [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md) has been updated following today's diuscussions, mainly to clarify some details and flesh out some details.


# Progress review: proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next telecon: 2019-07-08 at 14:00

Also, TW and GK have scheduled a meeting in Oxford on 2019-07-10 to test and finalize the song-to-signal agent, and to thrash out any other data model design issues.

2. Review actions

3. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers

4. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

5. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers

6. Tech discussions / matters arising


# Actions brought forward

ACTION TW: supply backup disk for CALMA data (ongoing: Thomas to chase)
    - will try to ship to us, but if that's administratively challenging then keep it locally until we can arrange collection or delivery.
    - question about capacity: at least 3Tb (asked for 4Tb?)

ACTION TW: song-to-signal agent running against the etree data (ongoing)
    - almost complete, but some annotation instance URIs need to be changed to be resolvable

ACTION GK: test case for song-to-signal agent writing to LDP (awaiting TW song-to-signal agent)


# TW review

- working on agents - didn't get as far as wanted; but have solved problem of reading existing data.  Have a folder structure as document; have questions.  Otherwise, nearly ready for initial tests.

- Re-work key/song duration agent to reuse output of song-to-signal agent - nearly done (modulo clarifcation of structures)

<!--
- Continue work on song-to-signal agent to reflect structures in [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)

- Re-work key/song duration agent to reuse output of song-to-signal agent
-->

## Next steps

- Finish up work on song-to-signal agent to reflect structures in [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)

- Re-work key/song duration agent to reuse output of song-to-signal agent

## Blockers

Questions about data model.


# JPNP review

## Plan/roadmap

- CALMA server backups (TW to supply a backup disk)

- Finish off outstanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md

    - complete testing of changes for load/save, then push to GitHub
        - not yet in running version

    - command line tooling to merge fragment sets [JP6], (as update to MELD CLI tools [GK5])

    - Finish off MEI output
        - for later

## Previous

- Very little SOFA time last week.  Looking at teaching/demo issues, logging github issues.

- Little progress on remixer state I/O functions.  Not much time spent (1+ day); no fundamental problems, but is taking longer than expected to get new load/save patterns working.  Continues (Est 1+ day needed).

## Next

- Hopeful of completing remixer state I/O functions

- ?? Improve support for running agents - aiming for some kind of framework that can handle running multiple agents, as needed (e.g. in response to container data changes).  Anticipate some kind of pub-sub mechanism to re-run computations when container changes, or in response to other triggers.
    - Note GK activity on Solid notifications

## Blockers

- Time pressure from other activities.


# GK review

## Previous

- Looked into Solid notifications via WebSockets; also node.js websockets library.  Held some discussions with Solid devs - was pointed at some code and websockets library.  It all seems to build on ES6 streams.  There's a questions about whether node-solid-server supports notifications on containers.


## Next/plan

- Add support for WebSocket notifications to meld-tool.js
- meld-tool options to use WebSocket notifications from Solid
- Create initial testing framework for data created at the interface between CALMA/etree exports and SOFA agents
- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required
- Planning to meet with Johan when we’ve settled our data model for feature data (not scheduled yet)

## Blockers

- Awaiting stabilized agent from TW, to use as basis for initial test code.  (I'm hoping to use this as a basis for discussion with JP; e.g. to use the framework to map out some test cases for a TDD approach?)


# Other

TW to visit Oxford Wednesday 10 July to make a push on completing and testing of agents.

(TW on FAST until end Oct)

Discussion mainly between TW and GK, to discuss TW questions about the folder/data model.

Noted that artist, song and annotation URIs in the RDF data should be dereferencable URLs rather than allocated identifiers.

Noted that the "Key distribution per recording agent" is effectively recording provenance of the Sonic Annotator data, which is a quite complex.  The main results used within this application are the key identifier and prevelance values.

The inclusion of transform info - vamp plugin, parameters, etc - was previously recorded against the wrong agent - should have been "Key distribution per recording", not "Key distribution per song"

After this meeting, based on our discussions, GK updated the [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)  document.

