Progress meeting for integration of MELD and CALMA.

29-Oct-2019, JP, GK

These notes:
- [2019-10-29](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20191018-meeting.md)  

Previous notes:
- [2019-10-18](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20191018-meeting.md)  

See also:

- [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)
- [Future features](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md)

Summary:

@@focus on state of SOFA demo for 1 Nov@@


# Progress review: proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next meeting: 2019-11-12 10:00

2. Review actions

3. Review milestones

4. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers [GK report]

(Away)

5. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

6. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers

7. Discuss plan for demo on Friday 1 Nov

(See JPNP review below)



# Actions brought forward

ACTION: JP Merge SOFA state-save/restore changes to master branch.

- progress but problems with VMs; problems running Solid in Docker Script; currently copying existing image instead.  Can't run locally because of laptop problems, so dependent on remote machines.


# Milestones

NOTE: we have now committed to a demo of SOFA at the FAST celebration on 1st November;  outstanding items on SOFA need to be complete and demoable.  Also need to fix bugs reported by DL.

(Need to review what is required to be demoed:  can we use the Giraffes display to drive narrative for the old-style SOFA demo?  Consider GK may talk about underlying structures while JP demos.  Leading up to the idea of the same architecture driving a different app?)

- has looked at DL-reported bugs, recorded in NiN-remixer issues list.  Some involve bad data due to manual hacking.   Some reported bugs are not critical for the 1st November demo, some are.
    - Relevant issues: 
        - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/issues/7 (duration match)
        - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/issues/5 (updates)
- also need a more suitable set of fragments for demo

Focus on setting up the demo: needs:
- working software setup 
    - needs suitable laptop for local demo (don't currently have), or 
    - need to run remotely, hence trust network abvailable for demo
- demo fragment set (needs to be done - allow an afternoon)
- fix relevant bugs (see above)
    - #5 is an easy task (interface during updates)
    - #7 needs investigation to understand - may be related to rendering rathervthan actual match error; possible issue with NiN output?
- plan demo sequence (JPNP/GK - maybe on morning of demo setup, or on 29 Oct)

JPNP time available: 4 days before demo (with some wiggle-room)


# TW review

- No report: expecting to catch up on Friday

<!--
NOTE: TW away 15-21 October

See https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20191011-meeting.md
-->

## Previously

## Next steps

- Key distribution per song agent

- Key typicality agent

See: [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)

## Blockers

- (unknown)


# JPNP review

## Previous

- Emailed Jasmina about networking; confident eduroam will be available.  Will focus on running the demo from OeRC hosts using network access, using JPNPs old laptop.

- Problem with updates to display (Dkl reported bug): UI has been changed to show updates in progress

- Duration matching: 

TODO by Friday:

- Create new set of fragments for demo using Mat's generator code.  In a form ready to be uploaded to workset container (with script to do so).  Some work on done to create fragments, but not yet the dataset creation.

- Duration match problem reported:  not yet progressed.  Possible a fragment display problem?

- "Script" for demo?  JPNP will do demo walk-through, GK can talk about background architecture issues that drive the demo.  Have copy of "giraffe" diagram to hand to provide context for discussion.  (JPNP email copy to GK to print and laminate as A3)


## Next

- More testing (esp. save/load)

- Finish work on command line tool for fragment set merging - probably after next meeting. NOT urgent for 1 Nov demo.

This will complete the planned SOFA updates.

- Improve support for triggering agent runs - aiming for some kind of framework that can handle running multiple agents, as needed (e.g. in response to container data changes).  Anticipate some kind of pub-sub mechanism to re-run computations when container changes, or in response to other triggers.
    - Note GK activity on Solid notifications


## Blockers

- Still(!) awaiting repair of failed laptop; workarounds used are slowing progress.

(IT support had failed to ship: estimate lost £160 on life of laptop alone, let alone opportunity cost.)

## Overall plan/roadmap

- CALMA server backups (TW to supply a backup disk) (DONE!)

- Finish off outstanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md

    - complete testing of changes for load/save, then push to GitHub
        - not yet in running version (ongoing)

    - command line tooling to merge fragment sets [JP6], (as update to MELD CLI tools [GK5])

    - Finish off MEI output
        - for later

- Agent-run triggering.


# GK review

## Previously

- (no significant progress)

## Next

- update test case for song-to-signal agent based on outcomes of meeting with Thomas

- continue with refactoring:  start using (and testing) shared functions in song-to-signal agent

Aim to catch up and review progress at the FAST wrap-up meeting on 1 Nov 2019.

- Create tests for other agents as they come available.

- Look at incorporating agent-triggering logic into tests so that agents don't need to be run manually.  (This willl be after JPNP has finished SOFA updates.)

## Blockers

- Waiting for JPNP completion of SOFA updates, and specifically starting to look at agent-run triggering.

## Overall plan / roadmap

- Add support for WebSocket notifications to meld-tool.js (done)

- meld-tool options to use WebSocket notifications from Solid (done)

- Complete test for song-to-signal agent (done)

- Test for number-of-occurrences agent (done)

- Test for key/recording duration agent (done)

- Meet with Johan when we’ve settled our data model for feature data (scheduled for 2019-10-08) (Done)

- Test for key/song duration agent

- Look at incorporating agent-triggering logic into tests to that agents don't need to be run manually.  (Awaiting work from JPNP)

- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required

