Progress meeting for integration of MELD and CALMA.

06-Aug-2019, JP, GK, TW

These notes:
- [2019-08-06](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190806-telecon.md)  

Previous notes:
- [2019-07-31](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/planning/20190731-meeting.md)  

See also:

- [MELD/CALMA agents and annotation models](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/meld-calma-agents-and-annotation-models.md)
- [Future features](https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/notes/future-features.md)


# Progress review: proposed Agenda

1. Agenda bashing; set date next meeting

Next meeting: 2019-09-11 F2F  
(GK away until 2019-09-09)

2. Review actions

3. TW review: last period, next actions, blockers

4. JP review: last period, next actions, blockers

5. GK review: last period, next actions, blockers

6. Tech discussions / matters arising


# Actions brought forward

ACTION TW: supply backup disk for CALMA data (arrived, done)

ACTION GK: test case for song-to-signal agent writing to LDP. DONE

ACTION: JP Merge SOFA state-save/restore changes to master branch.  (ongoing.)


# TW review

- looking with supporting structures, have re-scheduled activities

- number of occurrences agent: work-in-progress: hope to finish today.

## Next steps

- finish number of occurrences agent

- Continue re-work of key/song duration agent to reuse output of song-to-signal agent

## Blockers

- None mentioned

# JPNP review

## Previous

- time off last week 

- working on combining worksets, which might be a generic combine container content:  some changes; still need to add command in CLI module.  Expect to finish today.

## Next

- Finish work on command line tool for fragment set merging.

- Merge remixer state I/O functions to master.

This will complete the planned SOFA updates.

- Improve support for triggering agent runs - aiming for some kind of framework that can handle running multiple agents, as needed (e.g. in response to container data changes).  Anticipate some kind of pub-sub mechanism to re-run computations when container changes, or in response to other triggers.
    - Note GK activity on Solid notifications


## Blockers

(None)

## Overall plan/roadmap

- CALMA server backups (TW to supply a backup disk)

- Finish off outstanding items for SOFA 
    - https://github.com/oerc-music/nin-remixer-public/blob/master/notes/meetings/2019-03-26-meeting.md

    - complete testing of changes for load/save, then push to GitHub
        - not yet in running version (ongoing)

    - command line tooling to merge fragment sets [JP6], (as update to MELD CLI tools [GK5])

    - Finish off MEI output
        - for later


# GK review

## Last week

- added song-to-signal agent annotation test
    - See https://github.com/oerc-music/meld-calma/blob/master/src/agents/song-to-signal/test-song-to-signal.sh

## Next

(Nothing in next month)

- start creating tests for other agents

- look at incorporating agent-triggering logic into tests to that agents don't need to be run manually.

(Don't expect much progress here until well into September)

## Blockers

(None)

## Overall plan / roadmap

- Add support for WebSocket notifications to meld-tool.js (done)

- meld-tool options to use WebSocket notifications from Solid (done)

- Complete tests for song-to-signal agent (done)

- Tests for key/song duration agent

- look at incorporating agent-triggering logic into tests to that agents don't need to be run manually.

- Add features to meld-cli-tool as they may be required

- Possible meet with Johan when we’ve settled our data model for feature data (not scheduled yet)


# Work over next month

- TW implement all agents

- TW implementation hardening

- TW possible optimizations? (lower priority)

- TW/JPNP think about bringing the agent anotations into the SOFA remixer and create an appropriate UI.   Aim to get at least some preparatory work done so that a face-to-face dev session in September has a good chance of creating an initial implementation.

- F2F in September date:  2019-09-11 (unless changed)

- No blockers identified for next month


